16/03/2015
Today I met with my group members for first time to discuss our plans for the project. I know the programming capabilities of two of my other members, but I am unsure of the capability of another member as he said he is not good in programming and has failed two programming subjects last semester. We delegated roles where I became the main programmer for the group. we agreed on using Java as our programming language since all four of us have completed a subject pertraining to Java last semester. However most of the programming will be done by me and secondary programmer Jason. For our version management system, we chose GitHub because of a recommendation from a friend who has used it in the past. It has good features that allow the programmers in a group to be able to branch of a main code repository, allow another member to check and test new code, and allow merging with existing code without creating conflicts or outdated versions. Tasks for this week include formulating questions to ask the client to elicit requirements for the Flight Management System and getting familiar with GitHub.

21/03/2015
On Wednesday we discussed the requirements with the client. My tasks for this week include looking at a couple of existing airline booking systems to understand how they work and how some features can be copied into our own project. Also another task is the reviewing of the Use-Case Diagrams done by Steven and creating more use-case scenarios to present to the client in order to elicit more detailed requirements.

23/03/2015
Weekly meeting. We identified the potential users of the system that will be directly involved in handling the system. Once we identified the users, we discussed the possible scenarios that each user might go through as he uses the system. We have completed that and we will ask the client more about the system through these user scenarios. Tasks for this week include getting further requirements from the client, drawing the use case diagrams and drawing the class diagrams. Once we have these diagrams, we can commence coding.

25/03/2015
We elicited a few more requirements from the client. This week, we will work on the Use-Case diagrams, class diagrams and the SRS.

30/03/2015
Weekly meeting. We discussed a few more requirements among ourselves and resolved some pending issues. Tomorrow and the day after we will show the client the completed use case diagram and class diagram to confirm whether we have the correct idea of the system or not.

10/04/2015
Meeting during the study break. So the upcoming work to complete includes finishing the requirements part of the Software Requirements Specification (SRS), the risk and counter measures document, use case diagrams and descriptions, and the class diagram (domain model). This week I worked a couple of hours a day. So far, the bulk of the SRS is completed, just the requirements part is unfinished. The use case diagram is about ready while the domain model still needs some major work. Some possible defect include the possibility of an inaccurate use case diagram and domain model. I am confident the SRS is in good shape and will just need proofreading and some minor tweaks.

27/04/2015
Work to do includes redesigning the domain model so that the program will function as per the SRS. Work also includes minor programming. Estimated time in total to finish tasks is about 24 hours and should finish by Saturday, late afternoon.

02/05/2015
Worked from 10:30am to around 4:30pm with Jason on the system. Managed to finish the overall structure of the system and the login functionality. Also solidified certain constants in the system such as the abbreviations of the different roles in the system and how the Role class and its subclasses work with the UserController class. Partially completed the logout and register functionality. Finishing these functionality should take about two more hours.

04/05/2015
Usual Monday meeting. Finished the logout and register functionality. Also finished the skeleton of the classes for the different roles in the system. Just need to fill those skeleton classes with actual methods that will give the class its particular functionality. Including all the entity classes to talk to the database files, we would need about 2 weeks to finish it. Still having trouble implementing the System Administrator’s role class. Not sure how the delegation pattern would help me in this area, but some more research might prove helpful in solving this problem.

05/05/2015
Managed the solve the System Administrator’s role class using the delegation pattern. So the System Administrator can now use the system as an anonymous user under a different role. Best part is that there is no duplication of code, which will be useful should the need arise to update functionalities particular to a role. Now that all the skeleton classes for the roles are complete, we will start on the actual functionality of the system starting with the Customer and Travel Agency actors since they are key users of the system. Implementing the functionalities of these two actors should take us another Saturday.

12/05/2015
Work is not going as expected. We are clearly behind schedule. But with other assignments in hand, we have to go for the features that will have the highest returns. So far we have have implemented the delegation design pattern and it works well, considering it is the first time that we have ever used it in our programming lives. So far, we have the booking system underway, but I am struggling to implement the Boundary-Controller-Entity framework because it is the first time I am using such a framework. However, I see the framework as a useful tool in separating concerns in the system; hence, finding and isolating buggy code can be quicker and more convenient. We will try to finish up as much as we can of the actual booking functionality this week.

19/05/2015
We are still behind schedule, but we have made some good progress. We have implemented, almost completely, the booking procedure. All that is left is the actual saving of the booking to the database files, the displaying of the booking summary and the payment section. We will look into finishing the rest of the booking procedure by next week.

26/05/2015
Managed to bounce back into schedule. Work completed this week included finishing the booking procedure and additions of more features to each role. We just started the report subsystem this week but it shouldn't be too hard. We plan to do two to three reports that will allow users to gain useful insight into their particular roles. This upcoming week includes finishing up the system as a whole, finishing up the various diagrams for the system and preparing for project presentation.