Michael Kong 16/03/2015

Today I met with my group members for first time to discuss our plans for the project. I know the programming capabilities of two of my other members, but I am unsure of the capability of another member as he said he is not good in programming and has failed two programming subjects last semester. We delegated roles where I became the main programmer for the group. we agreed on using Java as our programming language since all four of us have completed a subject pertraining to Java last semester. However most of the programming will be done by me and secondary programmer Jason. For our version management system, we chose GitHub because of a recommendation from a friend who has used it in the past. It has good features that allow the programmers in a group to be able to branch of a main code repository, allow another member to check and test new code, and allow merging with existing code without creating conflicts or outdated versions. Tasks for this week include formulating questions to ask the client to elicit requirements for the Flight Management System and getting familiar with GitHub.

Michael Kong 21/03/2015

On Wednesday we discussed the requirements with the client. My tasks for this week include looking at a couple of existing airline booking systems to understand how they work and how some features can be copied into our own project. Also another task is the reviewing of the Use-Case Diagrams done by Steven and creating more use-case scenarios to present to the client in order to elicit more detailed requirements.

Michael Kong 23/03/2015
Weekly meeting. We identified the potential users of the system that will be directly involved in handling the system. Once we identified the users, we discussed the possible scenarios that each user might go through as he uses the system. We have completed that and we will ask the client more about the system through these user scenarios. Tasks for this week include getting further requirements from the client, drawing the use case diagrams and drawing the class diagrams. Once we have these diagrams, we can commence coding.